Except for him, he is really the eldest young master, not bad
He is the biological son of our lord
The lord has been looking for him for more than ten years
This time he wants us to bring him back to the capital
What about Wan Jie?
Are you talking about Jie Shao?
He's just the nephew of our master
Old kindness and blood relationship
Leave him at home
Who is more important and who is less important? Don't you need me to teach you?
Chu Lao, you must save me
What's wrong? What happened?
I had someone beat the eldest young master before and
You really ate the gall of an ambitious leopard?
I'll tell you what.
This thing
You'd better apologize to our eldest young master in person.
Otherwise don't say it's me
A thousand calamities can't save you
Oh, I see.
Ah, it's really mine
I will become the eldest young master of the Wang family
Why is it like a dream?
Who?
How are you